Dovecot 1.1:

v0.10.3
	* Removed erroneous inline declarations that caused compiler warnings. GCC 4.3
	  turns out to fail entirely as reported by Joel Johnson. 
    * Fixed auto-dectection of Sieve implementation during ./configure. It now 
      produces a proper error when the directory is invalid.

v0.10.2
	* Fixed bug that caused SASL mechanisms that require more than a single client
	  response to fail. Reported by Steffen Kaiser and occured when he tried using 
	  the (obsolete) LOGIN mechanism.
	* Updated installation and configuration documentation to match the 
      information provided in the wiki

v0.10.1
	* Fixed bug introduced in v0.10.0: compiled scripts were also written to disk
	  in the sieve/tmp directory and left there. This accumulates much .sievec 
	  junk in that directory over time. 
	* Fixed bug in tmp file generation for sieve-storage: errors other than EEXIST
	  would cause the daemon to sleep() loop indefinitely. 
	  
	+ Improved log lines to be more recognizable as being generated from 
	  managesieve.
	+ Added short proxy configuration explanation to the README file
	+ Added 'Known Issues' section to the README file
	- Fixed assert bug in sieve-storage occuring when save is canceled.
  
v0.10.0
	* Upgraded to Dovecot 1.1:
		- The actual managesieve implementation is now a separate package. 
		  The dovecot tree still needs to be patched though to make dovecot 
		  recognize the new managesieve service.
		- Incorporated changes to imap/imap-login into the equivalent 
		  managesieve processes.
		- Removed cmusieve implementation from managesieve sources. It is 
		  now linked externally from the dovecot-sieve-1.1 package. 
		- Restructured README.managesieve file into separate README, NEWS, 
		  TODO, DESIGN and INSTALL files. 
	* Added support for new libsieve implementation (to be released). This 
	  package can be compiled with either the new or the old Sieve
	  implementation (autodetected). If the new Sieve becomes stable, this 
	  package will be merged with it to make a single package for Dovecot 
	  Sieve support.
   
Dovecot 1.0:

(development forked, v9 is still maintained for Dovecot v1.0)

v9

+ Definitively fixed the segfault mentioned in V8. It proved to be 
  very time-constrained and thus hard to reproduce. The error turned out
  to be related to the input handling of the login daemon during 
  authentication. 
+ Checked for changes in the imap daemon that weren't propagated to the 
  managesieve implementation due to code duplication.
+ Fixed a bug in the autodetection of the sieve storage location.
+ Fixed bug in the sieve storage that failed to refresh the symlink if
  the storage was moved. 
+ Improved error handing in the sieve-storage implementation in various 
  places. 
+ Fixed the situation in which the active script link is located in the 
  sieve storage. 
+ Added managesieve configuration to dovecot-example.conf and made the example
  in this file more concise. 

v8

+ Fixed a few incompatibilities with 1.0.7 version. For instance, the "Logged
  in" message is now sent by the -login process and not by the managesieve 
  daemon anymore. This caused a segfault every once in a while. 
+ Probably fixed the settings problem reported by Steffen Kaiser regarding 
  login_dir. 'dovecot -n' now reports correct results, but testing will show
  whether the whole problem is solved.
+ The managesieve daemon now accepts the sieve_storage and sieve configuration
  settings, so it is now possible to explicitly configure the location of the
  sieve storage and the active script respectively. The daemon still falls back
  to using the mail_location (MAIL) settings if nothing else is specified. 
+ The cyrus timsieved does not use the + character in string literals and many
  clients have adopted to this behaviour. The latest managesieve (08) advises to
  accept a missing + from clients. The server should not send any + characters 
  as well. This behavior is now implemented on the server. 
+ Cleaned up sieve-storage.c: split up the sieve_storage_create function in 
  various sub-functions for obtaining the various paths and directories.
+ Forced manual intervention if rescueing a non-symlink file at the active script
  path fails somehow. Previously, this presented the admin with a log message 
  that it had just eaten the script, which is not very nice. 
+ Restructured the README.managesieve file and added some more explanation with
  regard to the configuration of the daemon.

v7 

- Robin Breathe indicated that the regex capability was missing in the server's
  SIEVE listing. It turns out I forgot to make arrangements for setting 
  ENABLE_REGEX in the cmu libsieve sources, so the regex extension was not
  compiled in. I copied the configure.in section regarding ENABLE_REGEX from 
  dovecot-sieve-1.0.2 and that fixed the problem.

v6

- Corked the client output stream while producing the capability greeting and on 
  other some other occasions as well. Some naive client implementations expect to 
  receive this as a single tcp frame and it is a good practice to do so anyway.
  Using this change the Thunderbird sieve extension (v0.1.1) seemed to work. However,
  scripts larger than a tcp frame still caused failures. All these issues are fixed
  in the latest version of the sieve add-on (currently v0.1.4). 
- Cleaned up the new proxy source. My editor made the indentation a complete mess
  in terms of TABs vs spaces. 
- Added TRYLATER response codes to BYE and NO messages where appropriate.  
- Recopied the libsieve library into this patch to incorporate any changes that were
  made (only sieve-cmu.c still needs to be compared to the old cmu-sieve.c). This 
  also solves the __attribute__((unused)) GCC dependencies. These were fixed long
  ago by Timo....  the code duplication beast strikes again. 
- Removed spurious return value from void function in 
  src/lib-sieve/sieve-implementation.c as reported by Robin Breathe. GCC fails to
  report these issues. The function involved is currently not used and serves only
  as an example on how dovecot could support multiple sieve backends... 

v5 

- Applied patch by Uldis Pakuls to fix master_dump_settings bug
- Added some compilation/installation info to this README
- Moved README to source tree root as README.managesieve
- Fixed minor error handling bug in sieve_storage.c with respect to a missing
  root directory.
- Now sieve capabilities are reported as they are specified by the implementing
  library and not in forced upper case. The sieve RFC now explicitly states
  that sieve capability identifiers are case-sensitive. This broke compatibility
  with SquirrelMail/Avelsieve. 
- Disabled ANONYMOUS login entirely until proper support is implemented. V4
  claimed to do so as well, but in fact it only stopped announcing it.
- Implemented managesieve-proxy. It is not so much a clean copy of imap-proxy,
  since the managesieve greeting is much more complex and requires parsing. 
  Configuration is identical to imap-proxy. This seems to be a little under-
  documented however (http://wiki.dovecot.org/PasswordDatabase/ExtraFields).  

v4

- Added managesieve_implementation_string setting to the managesieve 
  configuration. This can be used to customize the default "IMPLEMENTATION" 
  capability response.
- Denied ANONYMOUS login until proper support is implemented
- Fixed problem with authenticate command regarding continued responses. In
  V3 only initial response would work. Problem was caused by rc2 -> rc28 
  upgrade. One of the clear reasons why code duplication is a very bad idea.
- Fixed readlink bug as indicated by Timo: return value of readlink can also
  be -1.
- Fixed bug in the regular file rescue code, as introduced in the previous 
  version. Used stat instead of lstat. This caused the symlink to be rescued 
  subsequently in the next activation, thus still overwriting the initially 
  rescued script.

v3

- Updated source to compile with dovecot 1.0.rc27 
- Daemon now uses the same location for .dovecot.sieve as dovecot-lda
  This is typically ~/.dovecot.sieve
- If .dovecot.sieve is a regular file, it is now moved into the script storage as
  dovecot.orig.sieve, preventing deletion of (important) active scripts 
  upon upgrade.
- Changed error handling to yield a BYE message when the managesieve 
  daemon exits unexpectedly (upon login) before any commands are entered. 
  Horde-ingo would wait indefinitely for a response. 

v2

- Fixed the bug (missing CRLF) in the authenticate command
- Modified the sieve storage library making the interface much less crude.
- The scripts put on the server using the putscript command are now 
  checked before they are accepted.
- The reported SIEVE capability is now directly read from the sieve 
  implementation (in this case cmu), listing much more than "FILEINTO 
  VACATION".
- Imported instance of libsieve source into this patch for implementation
  of script checking and capability listing. THIS NEEDS TO BE CHANGED! 
- Fixed some minor bugs in the putscript command
